Add details on how to test with NightwatchJS (#5822)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/testing.mdx

### Create your first Nightwatch test

1. Choose a page to test. This example will test the example page `index.astro` below.

    ```html title="src/pages/index.astro"
    ---
    ---
    <html lang="en">
      <head>
        <title>Astro is awesome!</title>
        <meta name="description" content="Pull content from anywhere and serve it fast with Astro's next-gen island architecture." />
      </head>
      <body></body>
    </html>
    ```

1. Create a test file in `test/`

		```js
		describe('Astro testing with Nightwatch', function () {
		    before(browser => browser.navigateTo('http://localhost:4321/'));
		
		    it("check that the title is correct", function (browser) {
		        browser.assert.titleEquals('Astro is awesome!')
		    });
		
		    after(browser => browser.end());
		});
		```

:::tip[Set a `baseUrl`]
    You can set [`"baseURL": "http://localhost:4321"`](https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/reference/settings.html#setting-the-baseurl-property) in the `nightwatch.conf.js` configuration file to use `browser.navigateTo("/")` instead of `browser.navigateTo("http://localhost:4321/")` for a more convenient URL.
:::

### Running your NightwatchJS tests

> You can run a single test or several tests at once, testing one or multiple browsers. By default, your test results will be shown in the terminal. Optionally, you can open the HTML Test Reporter to show a full report and filter test results. You can run the tests with the [NightwatchJS VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=browserstackcom.nightwatch) or using the CLI steps below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a single test or several tests at once, testing one or multiple browsers. By default, your test results will be shown in the terminal. Optionally, you can open the HTML Test Reporter to show a full report and filter test results.

You can run the tests with the [NightwatchJS VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=browserstackcom.nightwatch) or using the CLI steps below:
```
Feels like this wanted to be its own paragraph.

> 1. To run our test from the previous example using the command line use the follow. Optionally, include the file name to run just the single test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run all tests, enter the following command in the terminal. Optionally, include the file name to run just the single test:
```
Is this correct? I know you have been following (very faithfully! thank you!) the existing Playwright example, but I think this makes more sense as a helpful instruction. (And, I'll likely go back and update that section myself later.)

    ```sh
    npx nightwatch test/index.js
    ```

1. To see the full HTML Test Report, open it using the following command:

    ```sh
    npx nightwatch test/index.ts --open
    ```

> 1. To run the tests against a specific browser use the `--environment` or `-e` CLI argument. If you don't have the relevant browser installed, Nightwatch will attempt to get it set up for you using [Selenium Manager](https://www.selenium.dev/blog/2022/introducing-selenium-manager/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run the tests against a specific browser use the `--environment` or `-e` CLI argument. If you don't have the relevant browser installed, Nightwatch will attempt to set it up for you using [Selenium Manager](https://www.selenium.dev/blog/2022/introducing-selenium-manager/)
```
